# OPA-RIDE
Oparide was established in the year of  2022 in response to solving some very serious concerns the current ride-sharing platforms in Nigeria that fail to meet up with the  Additional charges on reaching  the destination, waiting a long time to get picked up from locations, and the sudden cancellation of requests by drivers on getting the location information over there  phone. These are some of the major issues that went ahead to motivate the C.E.O to  creation of Oparide. ride-sharing company that is devoted to provide 24/7 comfortable equipped for  ride-sharing services to the people at the most cheapest  costs.  Located in the capital of  Nigeria, and  some state like  kano, Kaduna E.t.c  Oparide is promising start-up company that plans to operate across the country through its three diversified strategic business units. ‘Rider Apk—Wallet—Investors.  Wallet  is the core model of our business plan. This means that users of theOparide  both have the chance to use the wallet,  and go for the price that they think is suitable for their efforts and time spent on the road.  Dedicated to improving the lifestyle of  Nigerian people through the introduction of innovation and reliable Digital transportation services. We aim to provide a high-quality apk with experience to all those people who have a growing Main set. Oparide is not only a service platform but also a lifestyle. We empower our people by simplifying their transportation needs and complexities by letting people to enjoy their time in the most rewarding way possible.
